✨  Add Dialog (#388)
Gympass/yoga: packages/doc/content/components/components/dialog/index.mdx

---
title: 'Dialog'
metaTitle: 'Dialog'
metaDescription: 'Dialog Component'
---

# Dialog

### Reference

> Gympass `<Dialog />` is a component has the objective o provide priority feedback for the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gympass `<Dialog />` is a component which has the purpose o provide priority feedback for the user
```
